h1. base-app

A base Rails application. Features a user and admin system with Facebook and Twitter along with email server

h2. Gemfile

* "pg":http://rubygems.org/gems/pg for PostgreSQL - deprecated
* "mysql2":https://github.com/brianmario/mysql2 for MySQL
* "jQuery":https://github.com/rails/jquery-ujs
* "Devise":https://github.com/plataformatec/devise for authenticating users with "OmniAuth":https://github.com/intridea/omniauth for Facebook login
* "Kaminari":https://github.com/amatsuda/kaminari for pagination
* "CarrierWave":https://github.com/jnicklas/carrierwave for file uploads
* "MetaSearch":https://github.com/ernie/meta_search for searching users

For testing and development:

* "Rspec":https://github.com/dchelimsky/rspec
* "Cucumber":https://github.com/aslakhellesoy/cucumber with "Capybara":https://github.com/jnicklas/capybara
* "Database Cleaner":https://github.com/bmabey/database_cleaner
* "Ruby Debug":https://github.com/mark-moseley/ruby-debug
* "Factory Girl":https://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_girl_rails
* "Awesome Print":https://github.com/michaeldv/awesome_print
* "Email Spec":https://github.com/bmabey/email-spec
* "Shoulda":https://github.com/thoughtbot/shoulda
* "Mongrel":https://github.com/fauna/mongrel

h2. Setup

* Make sure you have rvm and Ruby 1.9.2.
* Install dependencies from Gemfile: @bundle install --path vendor/bundle --without production@.
* Create your @config/database.yml@, create the database and run the migrations.
* For Facebook login to work, export environment variables @FACEBOOK_APP_ID@ and @FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET@.
* For use of Amazon SES email server, export environment variables @BASE_SES_KEY, @BASE_SES_SECRET

h2. License

base-app is Copyright © 2011 Rendered Text. It is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the LICENSE file.

This modification done by Nebojsa Zoric
